thanks to math drop for sponsoring this
video here at CES 2018 check out the JBL
LS r 30x powered speakers available now
for a hundred bucks below launch price
at the link below this is the Lenovo
IdeaPad 720s now normally when I walk
into a booth and I go oh it's a thin in
light I go well that one is definitely
running in shell but for the first time
ever I'm looking at an all AMD solution
and something that I would legitimately
call a thin and light notebook so it's
got pretty much everything you would
expect you got a couple of USB sees a
USB 3 type-a more USB 3 type-a and
something I don't necessarily expect
anymore it's got a headphone jack it's
got a 1080p display it's matte it
appears to be IPS but not like the
world's most exceptional IPS or anything
like that
it's got actually pretty decent feeling
keyboard trackpad and rise in 7 inside
so it's actually running a quad-core 8
thread processor and not only that but
it's running Vega graphics - so what's
in here is a vague at 10 now that's not
to say that the quad-core risin 7 with
Vega 10 in here is going to necessarily
outperform the quad-core Verizon 5 with
Vega 8 graphics over here because AMD is
making these CPUs highly configurable so
this one is set to around 15 watts which
means that while you will enjoy a 2.2
gigahertz base you might not be able to
reach the 3.8 gigahertz Boost all the
time and unfortunately at this time we
can't tell you anything about how the
Vega graphics are gonna perform because
we were not allowed to install games on
it what we do know though is that AMD is
saying that we can expect performance up
to twice Intel integrated graphics is
funny the lighting turned blue right as
I said that for the rest of the specs
this guys running eight gigs of 24
hundred megahertz ddr4 it's got a 256
gig SSD and I believe it is actually
going on sale in some parts of the world
either right now or very very shortly
oh man if I am AMD and their partners I
am super stoked to have a solution that
can legitimately compete in this space
because for basically forever the
Ultrabook has been so dominated by Intel
that they even got to invent the name
for the category which I can't call this
an ultrabook because it's not because
that's like TM it's just really thin and
light so back to mass drop then the LS
are 30x speakers are designed to deliver
strong base smooth highs and evenness
throughout the frequency response with
some pretty cool features so you can use
the low and high frequency trim switches
to fine tune the amount of bass and
treble to compensate for the room you're
in and they feature XLR and TRS inputs
so you can connect your speakers to many
different sources you can check them out
at the link to mass drop in the video
description so thanks for watching guys
if you disliked this video then you
clearly don't like having options as a
consumer because this is a very
important step but if you liked it hit
like get subscribed and make sure you
don't miss any of the rest of our CES
2018 content